DMEK 3D Assets
(necessary assets):
3D eye model - Basic eye, many details aren't necessary but we are dealing with
a corneal surgery so seeing the different parts of the eye in that sense would be
nice.

3D model of all the confirmations for the grafts - DMEK surgery involves
different grafts with different shapes which we call confirmations. In short you
can imagine something simple like a tortilla being rolled into something that
resembles a burrito.
reference: https://patientready.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/PR-handout.pdf

Animations for all the confirmations - The confirmations unfold as they're being
moved around by the surgeon and each one of course opens up in their own way.
Once again imagine a burrito being unfolded as one flap comes off and the other is
still tucked in or when you roll a piece of paper by tucking both edges in.
(see reference above)

3D model for cannulas - Cannulas are like long syringes with bent tips. They're
used for prodding and tapping on the eye as the surgery is performed.
reference: https://sc01.alicdn.com/kf/H7236ab265b5e4a9c940be0bcb85960d1D.jpeg

(additional assets):
UI elements - As with any game or simulation you need elements on the user interface
providing the user with some sort of information that has been deemed important or
necessary to the experience. This is a bit vague and is broken down below.

Design and buttons for the main menu - Main menus get the idea across, even if just
for the brief moment someone looks at the options. Nothing fancy is necessary here
just something that lets the user know where they need to press and what they are using.

Icons (menu and switch camera icons) - An important UI element is places the user
can interact with and how them interacting will impact what they're doing. We'll have a
generally empty screen but some things like having a different perspective be used
and more will be bound to on screen buttons which can be pressed and something that shows
that and not just some text on the screen would be nice. (although both get the job done)
